Update the game over message (#1)
NankyaElsa/MLSA_Technical_Onboarding: README.md

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 5: Apply suggested changes

_Nicely done suggesting changes! :partying_face:_

Now let's see how easy it is to [apply your suggestion](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request).

### :keyboard: Activity: Apply suggested changes

1. Click **Commit suggestion**.
1. Type a commit message.
1. Click **Commit changes**.

> 1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

Author: Alright

> 1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Wait about 30 seconds to refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.
```

_Nice work reviewing that pull request :sparkles:_

- **Who is this for**: Developers, new GitHub users, users new to Git, students, managers, teams.
- **What you'll learn**: When and how to request a review; how to provide a review of someone else's pull request.
- **What you'll build**: We'll be reviewing a pull request for a simple game.
- **Prerequisites**: We assume you are familiar with creating branches, commits, and pull requests—you can learn this in our [Introduction to GitHub](https://github.com/skills/introduction-to-github) course.
- **How long**: This course takes less than 30 minutes to complete.
Now that you have explored the different ways you can review a pull request it is time to learn how to use _suggest changes_.

In this course, you will:
**What is _suggest changes_?**: This feature enables you to recommend a change to a pull request that the author can commit with the push of a button.

1. Open a pull request
2. Assign yourself
3. Leave a review

> 4. Suggest changes

Author: Very useful activities

5. Apply changes

> 6. Merge your pull request

Author: I suggest you add another activity
